[singing voice] Aniplex.
[Mari] So, you didn't see how
the whole thing started, then?
[Tatsuya] No.
All I saw was Miss Mibu
of the kendo team
and Mr. Kirihara
of the kenjutsu team
in a very heated argument.
And is that why you decided
against intervening right
from the start of it?
I thought if bruises were
the worst outcome,
then they should settle
the score themselves.
What did you do with Kirihara
after you subdued him?
[Tatsuya] Since he was injured,
I handed him over
to the health committee.
And since he acknowledged
his own wrongdoing,
I made the decision that no
further measures were necessary.
[exhales sharply]
That's fine, I guess.
In that case,
the disciplinary committee
has no intention of sending
this matter
to the correctional committee.
Jumonji, what do you think?
[Tatsuya] So this
is the chairman
of the extracurricular
activities federation,
in charge
of all club activities.
Katsuto Jumonji,
the heir apparent
to the prestigious numbers clan
who bear the number ten
in their surname.
Burly chest,
broad shoulders,
even his uniform can't hide
that insane muscle definition.
It's not just his physical body
that impresses, though.
Every atom of his being,
the sheer intensity
of his presence,
they're all phenomenal.
He's as imposing as a mountain.
I appreciate
your lenient ruling,
to be honest.
The spell he cast
was lethally dangerous.
Normally there would
be no escaping suspension.
Of course, I'm sure
he's well aware of that.
[Katsuto] I volunteer
to council him
so he learns from this mistake
of his.
[Mari] I'm counting on you.
That's fine but what about
the kendo team?
When she took up the gauntlet,
she was equally to blame.
All right, then.
Let me confirm this
one more time.
[Mari] Was Kirihara the only one
who used magic?
[grunts]
Correct.
I see.
Thank you for your hard work.
Excuse me.
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[Tatsuya] Sorry to keep
you waiting so long.
Don't be shy.
Eat as much as you want.
All right!
If you say so.
‐ Thank you for the meal.
‐ Thanks for treating us.
Anyway, that second year
named Kirihara used
a rank B lethal spell.
That is crazy.
You're lucky
you didn't get hurt.
[chomps]
Its range of efficacy
is restricted.
No different than dealing
with a sharp sword, really.
So then what you're saying
is it's easy to deal with
a real sword?
[Miyuki] It's all right, Mizuki.
You have nothing to worry about
with my brother.
You sound pretty comfortable
with it, Miyuki.
I am.
After all,
there's still no one
who can possibly defeat
my brother.
[chuckles nervously]
No hesitation at all there,
I see.
Yeah, but isn't it true that
the sonic blade releases
high frequency waves?
They say without earplugs
you can get really sick.
[Miyuki] Well,
doesn't that just mean
that Brother's taijutsu skills
are superlative?
In fact,
nullifying magic sequences
is Brother's specialty.
Hey, Brother.
You used a cast jamming spell,
didn't you?
[giggles]
[chuckles]
Nothing gets by you,
does it?
Definitely not.
I can see through anything
you do.
That's just how close we are,
Brother.
You know,
this doesn't sound
like sibling banter.
‐ You don't think?
‐ Really?
[groans]
Don't even bother trying
to call these two out
on their lovey‐dovey behavior.
Right, my mistake,
'cause that'd be weird.
[Tatsuya] I take exception
to that insinuation.
Honestly, where's the harm?
It's a fact that we're bound
by an intense
sibling love stronger
than any romance.
[both groaning]
Miyuki, don't get
too carried away, all right?
[Tatsuya] There's at least
one person here
who doesn't realize
we're joking.
Huh?
What?
They're not serious?
That's our Mizuki for you.
Always a bit slow
on the uptake.
[whimpers]
By the way,
did I hear you mention
cast jamming before?
Don't you need some kind
of special rock
to do that, though?
Anti‐something
or whatever it's called?
It's called Antinite, Erika.
If I remember correctly,
it's extremely expensive
and pretty hard to find.
Though sadly I'm afraid
I don't have any.
In the first place,
it's in possession
of the military.
It's not a matter of price.
The issue is that civilians
don't have access to it.
But I thought that...
[groans]
I'd like to keep
this conversation off
the record,
all right?
all: Hmm?
To be precise,
what I used was something
that applied all
the practical theories
of cast jamming.
Specific magic jamming.
[grunts]
[all groaning]
[Mizuki] Does such a type
of magic truly exist?
[Erika] If I had to guess,
I'd say no,
but theoretically doesn't
that mean you've come up
with a new type of magic?
I think it's more apt
to say stumbled on by accident.
When you try
to use two CADs at once,
the psion waves interfere
and the unfortunate result
is that the magic
doesn't activate.
You all know that, right?
Yeah, I've seen it first‐hand.
‐ [gasp]
‐ Uh, who do you think you are?
What did you say?
There's no way in hell you have
such high tech skills.
‐ Take it easy now, guys.
‐ [scoffs]
So anyway,
you launch a magic sequence
that effectively causes one CAD
to jam the other,
and with the other CAD,
you launch
an activation sequence
that does the opposite.
The sequence is reproduced
and amplified
and psion signals are released
as non‐systematic magic.
By doing so,
you can‐‐up to a point‐‐
block an activation sequence
of the same type.
Wow, are you serious?
[all exhale]
I understand
the basic theory behind it.
And also,
why is it so hush‐hush?
If you patented it,
I bet you'd rake in the cash.
For one thing,
this technique
is still a little raw.
It hasn't quite
been perfected yet.
The bigger issue by far
is that magic can be blocked
without antinite,
so if anyone catches wind
of that,
poof,
it's over.
I still fail to see where's
the problem with that.
Hey, dumbass!
It's a huge problem!
If an easily‐acquired technique
to nullify magic spells got out,
the society would be shaken
to its foundations!
Antinite isn't
a realistic threat yet
as there's relatively little
being produced.
Until a counter technique
is found,
I can't go public with any
of this.
That's amazing, really,
to know that you've thought all
of this through so far.
In my opinion,
you're over‐analyzing a bit,
Brother.
I mean,
after all,
reading your opponents'
activation sequence
during launch isn't something
that just anybody can do.
[Miyuki] But I guess that's just
what makes you who you are.
Are you implying that I'm
an indecisive wimp
or something even worse,
perhaps?
Dunno.
I want to hear
what Erika thinks.
Oh, who's to say?
As for me,
I might wanna ask
for Mizuki's opinion.
Huh?
Well, I think that I, um‐‐
uh, oh, help!
[indistinct chatter]
[phone beeping]
[Mayumi]
This is the student council.
There's a fight
in gymnasium one.
Disciplinary officers
are requested on site.
[Tatsuya] This is Shiba,
first year.
On my way.
[electric buzzing]
[whooshing]
[gasps]
[panting]
[grunts]
I know him.
[Leonhard] Tatsuya, you got
another committee meeting today?
I thought recruitment week
was over.
Yeah, I'm off duty today.
I'm finally getting
some downtime.
You were front and center
of the action.
[Leonhard] You're famous now,
Tatsuya.
They're calling you
the mysterious first year
who iced all those
magic‐oriented club regulars
without using
a drop of magic.
Mysterious?
What do you mean?
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Miyuki.
[giggles]
I'm sorry, Brother.
That was so rude,
I know,
making you wait around all
that time just for me.
It was council business, right?
‐ Don't worry about it.
‐ Mm?
[giggles]
‐ [Sayaka] Shiba?
‐ Mm?
[Tatsuya] You're Miss Mibu,
am I right?
[Sayaka] Yes,
I'm Sayaka Mibu.
In class E,
the same as you.
Thanks for the other day.
I owe you the proper gratitude.
Do you think that you could
hang out with me right now?
Not at the moment.
I'm sorry.
What?
Can you wait 15 minutes?
[stammers]
[grunts]
[Sayaka] Okay, then.
I'll be waiting
for you at the cafe.
[Tatsuya] All right.
I'll be reading in the library.
Aren't you going
to meet Miss Mibu?
That's what you said.
[Tatsuya] Miyuki?
We're not going to talk
for hours and hours, you know.
I bet she'll just ask me
to join the kendo team.
I don't know.
Do you really think that's all?
Because I have a feeling that
it might be something else.
Not for any particular reason.
It just makes me uneasy.
Although, don't get me wrong.
I'm overjoyed that you've gained
such renown so fast.
But if they get even an inkling
of your true powers
people will swarm you
and suck you dry,
with only their own
selfish interest in mind.
So just please be careful.
[Tatsuya] Stop worrying.
Whatever happens,
I'll be fine.
Don't you see?
That's exactly what
I'm worried about!
[exhales]
I'll be fine.
I won't get reckless
no matter what.
Make that a promise, Brother.
Don't break it.
I swear.
[distant birds chirping]
[Tatsuya] Sorry for the wait.
[Sayaka] Oh.
Hey, Shiba.
So, uh, once again,
thank you very much
for what you did last week.
Just doing my job.
No more, no less.
Mm‐mm.
It was only resolved peacefully
because you diffused
the brawl without
injuring anyone, Shiba.
You don't have to be so modest.
[giggles]
Although I admit,
I did sorta hurt Kirihara.
But, come on.
The truth is,
he and I crossed swords
fully prepared
to sustain injury.
And yet so many people
wanna make a mountain out
of a molehill‐‐
disciplinary committee officers,
so they can score points
for themselves.
[Tatsuya] Well, I'm a member
of that committee myself,
so, I, uh‐‐
[Sayaka] S‐‐Sorry,
I didn't mean it that way.
I swear!
Please don't be mad!
Obviously, sure,
I can't stand those people,
but‐‐wait, what?
Hang on.
Are you teasing me right now?
[Tatsuya] So tell me.
What did you wanna talk about?
Okay, I'll be as blunt as I can.
Shiba, will you join
the kendo team?
I appreciate the offer,
but I must decline.
[Sayaka] Do you mind
if I ask why?
Actually,
if you don't mind,
I'd like to hear
the reason you're drafting me.
Hmm.
[Sayaka]
At Magic High School,
magic grades are given
precedence over all.
But don't you think it's wrong
to be complete defined
by magic alone?
Yes, I'm listening.
[Sayaka] As you know,
course two students
can't receive
practical skills training,
but that discrimination we have
to live with
because that's only a matter
of us lacking talent.
[exhales]
I hate that they hold my sword
in contempt simply because
I'm not adequate at magic yet.
Being ignored is unbearable.
I won't let them deny everything
I have to offer!
Uh, Miss Mibu?
[Sayaka stammers]
That's why we‐‐
the non‐magic oriented clubs‐‐
have decided to unite.
This year we're forming
a party separate
from the extracurricular
activities federation
and presenting our argument
to the school:
that magic isn't everything
to us.
So to that end,
we'd like your cooperation,
Shiba.
Oh, I see.
Are you mocking me?
Not at all.
Quite the opposite.
I'm just laughing
at how off‐base I was.
[Tatsuya] You see,
I thought that you were just
a beautiful kendo girl.
But clearly I was wrong.
Beautiful?
[Tatsuya] Miss Mibu.
Yes, uh, what‐‐what is it?
You said you're presenting
your argument.
What are you going
to do after that?
Huh?
[Mari] Tatsuya.
Is it true that
you verbally abused
the second year Mibu
in the cafe yesterday?
[gasps]
Since you are such
a refined young lady yourself,
I confess I find
it rather surprising
for you to toss around vulgar,
dramatic phrases
like verbal abuse.
[laughs]
Well, thank you.
And just so you know,
you're the only one
who treats me
like a refined young lady,
Tatsuya.
[Tatsuya] Is that right?
Well, if he's not treating
his own girlfriend that way,
then apparently your boyfriend
couldn't be much
of a gentleman,
could he?
No, that isn't true!
He's...
[whimpers]
[groans]
That's it?
You've got nothing to say?
Is there anything in particular
I should say about it?
[giggles]
[Mari groans]
So, anyway,
about you verbally abusing Mibu
of the kendo team.
Is it true or not?
[exhales]
No,
it's not even true
in the slightest.
[Mari] Really?
I have multiple witnesses
who observed Mibu blushing
beet red and looking
very embarrassed.
[high‐pitched humming]
[grunts]
Tell me, brother.
What in the world
were you actually doing?
Is that magic?
Your interference power must be
far more potent than most,
Miyuki.
Calm down, Miyuki.
I'll explain it all.
[gasps]
Forgive me.
[chuckles]
[Tatsuya] Now,
as for the Miss Mibu incident,
it seems the disciplinary
committee's activities
have earned
the students' animosity.
Can you elaborate a bit?
[Tatsuya] Actually...
[Mari] Trying to score points,
huh?
Mibu's mistaken about that.
The disciplinary committee
is just an honorary post
and it's not subject
to evaluation.
However,
it's also an undisputed fact
that this committee wields
considerable power within
the school.
Some will construe your actions
as exploiting your authority.
Not only that,
but you should be aware there
is someone manipulating
that impression as well.
[Tatsuya] Do you know
that person's identity?
Huh?
No, no.
It's just a rumor.
If we knew who it was,
we'd have stomped him already.
That's not what I mean.
I'm talking about
the people behind
whoever's doing
the manipulation.
So, um, Brother‐‐
[Tatsuya] For example,
the Dark Anti‐Magic
political movement,
a.k.a. Blanche.
Say what?
How could you possibly
know that?
That's highly
classified information.
It would be impossible
to keep all rumor sources quiet.
On the contrary,
I think full disclosure is best.
The government's handling
of this matter
has been pathetic.
[Mayumi] I agree.
Despite the fact that there's
an international
organization hostile to magic,
they cover it up
and refuse to confront them.
[Tatsuya] That can't be helped
in your delicate position.
What?
This is a national body.
And the country's doing all
the restricting and hiding.
[exhales]
Is that your way
of trying to console me?
B‐‐But, um, chairwoman,
it was Shiba who drove you right
to the brink.
To drive someone to the brink
and then follow through
on your own,
you're quite
the brilliant player.
It looks like you've got Mayumi
wrapped around your finger.
Uh, M‐‐Mari,
don't say things like that!
[high‐pitched humming]
[grunts]
Player?
A brilliant one?
[Tatsuya] Just settle down,
Miyuki.
They're just joking.
I promise.
Let's focus, Tatsuya.
I'm curious.
How are you planning
to deal with Mibu now?
I'm the one who's waiting
for her answer.
So I'll decide after hearing it.
I see.
Well, good luck.
Fine, then,
but at this point in time,
I have no clue what it is
you're wishing me good luck for.
Whatever you manage
will be all right.
You either have high hopes
for me or none at all.
Rather contradictory.
[Tatsuya] I'll do whatever
I can manage.
[knocking]
Come in.
[Tatsuya] Thank you.
[Haruka] Sorry to call you in
on such short notice.
So, are you getting used
to high school life now?
[Tatsuya] No.
There's so many
unexpected events popping up,
I haven't been able
to hit the books.
[giggles]
Is everything all right?
[Tatsuya] According
to the modern day dress code‐‐
Hmm?
[Tatsuya] I feel the outfit
you're wearing
is much too provocative,
Miss Ono.
Ah?
Oh, so sorry.
Now then,
what's the reason I've
been summoned here today?
[clears throat]
I asked you to come here
to request your participation
in the work that we're doing.
It's very intriguing.
At this school,
in order to grasp the students'
psychological leanings,
we have 10% of the first years
receive ongoing counseling
and so far it's going very well.
[Tatsuya] In other words,
you're telling me I'm basically
a guinea pig.
If that's all there is to it,
I'll be glad to help,
but what's your real motivation?
My goodness!
I don't have
any malicious intent.
[Tatsuya] Regardless,
I do believe I'm too unique
to be used as a test sample.
And that's why I want your
help especially.
[chuckles]
Fine, then I'll say
we leave it at that.
[giggles]
Well, great.
[Haruka] Would you mind
if I asked you
a few quick questions?
[Tatsuya] Go right ahead.
[Haruka] That's all.
I've gotten what I needed.
Thank you.
Very good.
Please excuse me.
Oh, by the way,
this has no direct bearing
on your counseling, but...
What is it?
Is it true that Sayaka Mibu‐‐
a second year‐‐
has asked you out on a date?
[exhales]
[Tatsuya] Where exactly
did you hear
such ridiculous idle gossip?
[Haruka] So it's not true?
[Tatsuya] Correct.
Does that inconvenience you?
No, no.
it's nothing but,
well, honestly,
I was hoping to ask you
to do something for me
if it was your intention
to date her.
I did just say it was
a baseless rumor.
But I'd like to know.
Where did you hear about it?
I'm terribly sorry.
That's classified.
[Tatsuya] All right, then.
I'll be leaving now.
If Miss Mibu ever causes you
any trouble,
you can always come to me.
[Sayaka] Just because I'm
a course two student,
people shouldn't reject
my non‐magical aspects.
I mean,
my sword shouldn't be...
Mibu, that sentiment is shared
by every other
course two student.
We need his power no matter what
we have to do to get it.
[Miyuki] Is it all right
if I watch, too?
Since it seems like something
you shouldn't miss or ignore,
I thought it would be better
to share this information.
[remote beeps]
Cabinet name, open.
Blanche.
The political crusade?
All about anti‐magic,
whose name just came up today?
The very same,
though they claim
to be a grassroots movement.
But they're actually terrorists,
and there seems
to be no question
that these guys
are working behind
the scenes at our school.
In fact,
doing my council rounds,
I spotted a student who seemed
to be working with Egalite.
You mean a Magic High student?
Someone we go to school with
is doing this?
Ironically...
While they loudly advocate
anti‐magic policies,
the reality is they don't
reject magic at all.
[Tatsuya] Look at their slogan.
"Eradication
of social discrimination
by magic."
How do they define
discrimination?
Maybe it's the idea
that someone's true abilities
and efforts aren't reflected
by their social status?
Something like that.
What Blanche sees
as discrimination
is the income disparity.
[Tatsuya] But the reason
magicians median income
is so high is because
the high income bracket
includes people with skills
that society deems
indispensable.
And the people who can't
use magic,
don't they understand the use
of those skills
requires training,
long years of study,
patience, and stumbling,
and not just basic ability
or luck?
Well, yes.
They do know that.
[Tatsuya] But they won't
admit it.
They keep their mouths shut
about anything inconvenient
and they deceive others
as well as themselves
with their sugar‐coated notions.
Equality, for instance.
Then those Magic High
students working with Egalite,
is that also because of the...
[Tatsuya] They have no desire
to forsake magic,
but they can't stand the thought
of appearing illegitimate.
They ignore the effort
of magicians working
on the front lines...
And reject any judgments
that are based on magical skill
as discrimination.
I mean,
it's not that I don't understand
that kind of weakness myself.
I admit that deep down
I share that very sentiment.
No, that's not true!
Oh, Brother,
you have a talent that no one
can ever match.
It's just that your abilities
are different
than everyone else's
and that you've put
in more effort than anyone,
and that is undeniable!
Yeah, right.
Because I've got...
That kind of talent that no one
can ever match,
just like you said.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] And if that
weren't the case,
I might cling
to this beautiful ideal notion
called equality myself.
Even knowing full well
it's a lie.
[grunts]
[Tastuya] Those unable
to use magic...
Those with inferior
magic skills...
All right,
then these instigators
who know everything...
What agenda are they hiding?
Behind them
is a hidden force that's driven
to turn this country into
a nation where magic
has completely died out.
[gasps]
Are you saying that
the anti‐magic faction
is actually trying to undermine
this country's power, then?
Probably, yes.
That's why they find
terrorism acceptable.
So if this country
ends up drained
of its power,
who stands to profit?
[Miyuki] That would mean
a shadow group is behind them.
[Tatsuya] Apparently so.
I can't just stand by,
but I don't want you to worry.
But still.
There's no way that
the Ten Master Clans
will ignore them.
Especially the Yotsuba clan.
[Miyuki] Yotsuba.
If our aunt were to intervene,
then we'd...
We'd have to go back
to carrying that name!
[Tatsuya] We don't have
to be afraid.
If push comes to shove,
I'll take care of it.
Thank you, Brother.
[Tatsuya] So, then.
Are you enjoying high school?
[Miyuki] Yes.
[Tatsuya] I think you found
a couple of truly good friends
in Erika and Mizuki.
Whoever they might be,
I will not let any of them try
to destroy this life
we have together.